README.md, before:

# bbcode
--
    import "github.com/MJKWoolnough/bbcode"

Package bbcode implements a bbcode parser and converter

## Usage

```go
var (
	// HTMLText is a text processor that will HTML encode all text output
	HTMLText htmlText
	// PlainText is a text processor that just outputs all text with no change
	PlainText plainText
)
```

#### func  Compare

```go
func Compare(a, b string) bool
```
Compare preforms a case-insensitive string comparison

#### type AttributeTag

```go
type AttributeTag struct {
}
```

AttributeTag is a simple Handler that outputs and open tag, with an attribute,
and a close tag.

#### func  NewAttributeTag

```go
func NewAttributeTag(name string, open, openClose, attrOpen, attrClose, close []byte, filter func(string) []byte) *AttributeTag
```
NewAttributeTag creates a new Attribute Tag. The open byte slice is used to
start the open tag and the openClose is used to close the open tag. The attrOpen
and attrClose byte slices are used to surround the filtered attribute, within
the open tag. Lastly, the close byte slice is used for the closing tag. The
filter is used to modify the attribute, whether to correct formatting errors, or
to validate. If a nil slice is returned, then no attribute is outputted. For
example the following would create a colour tag for handling font colour:

    NewAttributeTag("colour",
    	[]byte("<span"),
    	[]byte(">"),
    	[]byte(" style=\"color: "),
    	[]byte("\""),
    	[]byte("</span>"),
    	colourChecker)

A nil filter means that the attr will be written to the output with HTML
encoding

#### func (*AttributeTag) Close

```go
func (a *AttributeTag) Close(p *Processor, attr string)
```
Close outputs the closing of the tag

#### func (*AttributeTag) Handle

```go
func (a *AttributeTag) Handle(p *Processor, attr string)
```
Handle processes the tag

#### func (*AttributeTag) Name

```go
func (a *AttributeTag) Name() string
```
Name returns the name of the tag

#### func (*AttributeTag) Open

```go
func (a *AttributeTag) Open(p *Processor, attr string)
```
Open outputs the opening of the tag

#### type BBCode

```go
type BBCode struct {
}
```

BBCode is a fully configured parser

#### func  New

```go
func New(tags ...Handler) *BBCode
```
New create a new bbCode parser with the default configuration. See NewWithConfig
for more information

#### func  NewWithConfig

```go
func NewWithConfig(c Config, tags ...Handler) *BBCode
```
NewWithConfig creates a bbCode parser with a custom bbCode configuration. The
tags are a list of Handlers that will be used to process the tag tokens that are
generated by the parser. The first Handler with an empty string for a name with
be used to process the text. By default, this is the HTMLText handler.

#### func (*BBCode) Convert

```go
func (b *BBCode) Convert(w io.Writer, input []byte) error
```
Convert parses the byte slice and writes the output to the writer. Any error
will be from the writing process and not from the parser

#### func (*BBCode) ConvertReader

```go
func (b *BBCode) ConvertReader(w io.Writer, input io.Reader) error
```
ConvertReader functions like Convert, but takes a io.Reader

#### func (*BBCode) ConvertString

```go
func (b *BBCode) ConvertString(w io.Writer, input string) error
```
ConvertString functions like Convert, but takes a string

#### type CloseTag

```go
type CloseTag struct {
	Name string
}
```

CloseTag is a token containing the name of the tag

#### type Config

```go
type Config struct {
	// TagOpen is the character used to open the tags.
	// In the default configuration this is the open bracket '['
	TagOpen rune

	// TagClose is the character used to close the tags.
	// In the default configuration this is the close bracket ']'
	TagClose rune

	// ClosingTag is the character used to define a closing tag, as opposed
	// to an opening tag.
	// In the default configuration, this is the slash '/'
	ClosingTag rune

	// AttributeSep is the character used to separate the tag name from the
	// attribute.
	// In the default configuration this is the equals sign '='
	AttributeSep rune

	// ValidTagName lists the characters that are allowed in the tag names.
	// Neither of the TagClose or AttributeSep characters should be in this
	// list.
	// In the default configuration this is A-Z a-z 0-9 and the asterix
	ValidTagName string
}
```

Config changes how the syntax of the inteperated bbCode

#### type FilterTag

```go
type FilterTag struct {
	OpenClose
}
```

FilterTag is a Handler that filters which child nodes are processed

#### func  NewFilterTag

```go
func NewFilterTag(o OpenClose, filter func(string) bool) *FilterTag
```
NewFilterTag creates a Handler that filters which child nodes are processed. The
filter takes the name of the tag and returns a bool determining whether the tag
will be processed as a tag or as text. An empty tag name in the filter is used
to determine is text is processed.

#### func (*FilterTag) Handle

```go
func (f *FilterTag) Handle(p *Processor, attr string)
```
Handle processes the tag, using its filter to determine which children are also
processed

#### type Handler

```go
type Handler interface {
	// Name returns the name of the bbCode tag that this will be used for.
	// Returning an empty string indicates that this Handler should be used
	// for text handling.
	// Name should always be returned as lowercase.
	Name() string
	// Handle takes a pointer to the Processor and the attribute to the tag.
	Handle(*Processor, string)
}
```

Handler is an interface that represents the text and tag processors

#### type OpenClose

```go
type OpenClose interface {
	Name() string
	Open(*Processor, string)
	Close(*Processor, string)
}
```

OpenClose is an interface for the methods required by FilterTag. Both Tag and
AttributeTag implement this interface

#### type OpenTag

```go
type OpenTag struct {
	Name string
	Attr *string
}
```

OpenTag is a token containing the name of the tag and a possible attribute.

#### type Processor

```go
type Processor struct {
}
```

Processor contains methods necessary for creating custom Handler's

#### func (*Processor) Get

```go
func (p *Processor) Get() interface{}
```
Get returns the next token. It will be either a Text, OpenTag or a CloseTag

#### func (*Processor) GetContents

```go
func (p *Processor) GetContents(untilTag string) string
```
GetContents grabs the raw contents of a tag and returns it as a string

#### func (*Processor) Print

```go
func (p *Processor) Print(t interface{})
```
Print writes the textual representation of the given token to the output, using
the text Handler

#### func (*Processor) Process

```go
func (p *Processor) Process(untilTag string) bool
```
Process will continue processing the bbCode until it gets to an end tag which
matches the tag name given, or until it reaches the end of the input. It returns
true if the end tag was found, or false otherwise. The untilTag must always be
lowercase.

#### func (*Processor) ProcessTag

```go
func (p *Processor) ProcessTag(t OpenTag)
```
ProcessTag will process the given tag as normal

#### func (*Processor) Write

```go
func (p *Processor) Write(b []byte) (int, error)
```
Write writes to the underlying writer. The error is stored and does not need to
be handled

#### type Tag

```go
type Tag struct {
}
```

Tag is a simple Handler that just outputs open and closing tags

#### func  NewTag

```go
func NewTag(name string, open, close []byte) *Tag
```
NewTag creates a simple Handler that outputs an open and close tag. For example,
the following would be used to create a tag for handling bold:

    NewTag("b", []byte("<b>"), []("</b>"))

#### func (*Tag) Close

```go
func (t *Tag) Close(p *Processor, attr string)
```
Close outputs the closing of the tag

#### func (*Tag) Handle

```go
func (t *Tag) Handle(p *Processor, attr string)
```
Handle processes the tag

#### func (*Tag) Name

```go
func (t *Tag) Name() string
```
Name returns the name of the tag

#### func (*Tag) Open

```go
func (t *Tag) Open(p *Processor, attr string)
```
Open outputs the opening of the tag

#### type Text

```go
type Text []string
```

Text is a token containing simple textual data

Commit message:

changed the filter func to an interface for AttributeTag

README.md, after:

# bbcode
--
    import "github.com/MJKWoolnough/bbcode"

Package bbcode implements a bbcode parser and converter

## Usage

```go
var (
	// HTMLText is a text processor that will HTML encode all text output
	HTMLText htmlText
	// PlainText is a text processor that just outputs all text with no change
	PlainText plainText
)
```

#### func  Compare

```go
func Compare(a, b string) bool
```
Compare preforms a case-insensitive string comparison

#### type AttrFilterFunc

```go
type AttrFilterFunc func(string) []byte
```

AttrFilterFunc is a wrapper for a func so that it satisfies the AttrFilterer
interface

#### func (AttrFilterFunc) AttrFilter

```go
func (a AttrFilterFunc) AttrFilter(attr string) []byte
```
AttrFilter satisfies the AttrFilterer interface

#### type AttrFilterer

```go
type AttrFilterer interface {
	AttrFilter(string) []byte
}
```

AttrFilterer is used with AttributeTag to provide an attribute filter for the
AttributeTag. It is used to process the parsed attribute for writing.

#### type AttributeTag

```go
type AttributeTag struct {
}
```

AttributeTag is a simple Handler that outputs and open tag, with an attribute,
and a close tag.

#### func  NewAttributeTag

```go
func NewAttributeTag(name string, open, openClose, attrOpen, attrClose, close []byte, filter AttrFilterer) *AttributeTag
```
NewAttributeTag creates a new Attribute Tag. The open byte slice is used to
start the open tag and the openClose is used to close the open tag. The attrOpen
and attrClose byte slices are used to surround the filtered attribute, within
the open tag. Lastly, the close byte slice is used for the closing tag. The
filter is used to modify the attribute, whether to correct formatting errors, or
to validate. If a nil slice is returned, then no attribute is outputted. For
example the following would create a colour tag for handling font colour:

    NewAttributeTag("colour",
    	[]byte("<span"),
    	[]byte(">"),
    	[]byte(" style=\"color: "),
    	[]byte("\""),
    	[]byte("</span>"),
    	colourChecker)

A nil filter means that the attr will be written to the output with HTML
encoding

#### func (*AttributeTag) Close

```go
func (a *AttributeTag) Close(p *Processor, attr string)
```
Close outputs the closing of the tag

#### func (*AttributeTag) Handle

```go
func (a *AttributeTag) Handle(p *Processor, attr string)
```
Handle processes the tag

#### func (*AttributeTag) Name

```go
func (a *AttributeTag) Name() string
```
Name returns the name of the tag

#### func (*AttributeTag) Open

```go
func (a *AttributeTag) Open(p *Processor, attr string)
```
Open outputs the opening of the tag

#### type BBCode

```go
type BBCode struct {
}
```

BBCode is a fully configured parser

#### func  New

```go
func New(tags ...Handler) *BBCode
```
New create a new bbCode parser with the default configuration. See NewWithConfig
for more information

#### func  NewWithConfig

```go
func NewWithConfig(c Config, tags ...Handler) *BBCode
```
NewWithConfig creates a bbCode parser with a custom bbCode configuration. The
tags are a list of Handlers that will be used to process the tag tokens that are
generated by the parser. The first Handler with an empty string for a name with
be used to process the text. By default, this is the HTMLText handler.

#### func (*BBCode) Convert

```go
func (b *BBCode) Convert(w io.Writer, input []byte) error
```
Convert parses the byte slice and writes the output to the writer. Any error
will be from the writing process and not from the parser

#### func (*BBCode) ConvertReader

```go
func (b *BBCode) ConvertReader(w io.Writer, input io.Reader) error
```
ConvertReader functions like Convert, but takes a io.Reader

#### func (*BBCode) ConvertString

```go
func (b *BBCode) ConvertString(w io.Writer, input string) error
```
ConvertString functions like Convert, but takes a string

#### type CloseTag

```go
type CloseTag struct {
	Name string
}
```

CloseTag is a token containing the name of the tag

#### type Config

```go
type Config struct {
	// TagOpen is the character used to open the tags.
	// In the default configuration this is the open bracket '['
	TagOpen rune

	// TagClose is the character used to close the tags.
	// In the default configuration this is the close bracket ']'
	TagClose rune

	// ClosingTag is the character used to define a closing tag, as opposed
	// to an opening tag.
	// In the default configuration, this is the slash '/'
	ClosingTag rune

	// AttributeSep is the character used to separate the tag name from the
	// attribute.
	// In the default configuration this is the equals sign '='
	AttributeSep rune

	// ValidTagName lists the characters that are allowed in the tag names.
	// Neither of the TagClose or AttributeSep characters should be in this
	// list.
	// In the default configuration this is A-Z a-z 0-9 and the asterix
	ValidTagName string
}
```

Config changes how the syntax of the inteperated bbCode

#### type FilterTag

```go
type FilterTag struct {
	OpenClose
}
```

FilterTag is a Handler that filters which child nodes are processed

#### func  NewFilterTag

```go
func NewFilterTag(o OpenClose, filter func(string) bool) *FilterTag
```
NewFilterTag creates a Handler that filters which child nodes are processed. The
filter takes the name of the tag and returns a bool determining whether the tag
will be processed as a tag or as text. An empty tag name in the filter is used
to determine is text is processed.

#### func (*FilterTag) Handle

```go
func (f *FilterTag) Handle(p *Processor, attr string)
```
Handle processes the tag, using its filter to determine which children are also
processed

#### type Handler

```go
type Handler interface {
	// Name returns the name of the bbCode tag that this will be used for.
	// Returning an empty string indicates that this Handler should be used
	// for text handling.
	// Name should always be returned as lowercase.
	Name() string
	// Handle takes a pointer to the Processor and the attribute to the tag.
	Handle(*Processor, string)
}
```

Handler is an interface that represents the text and tag processors

#### type OpenClose

```go
type OpenClose interface {
	Name() string
	Open(*Processor, string)
	Close(*Processor, string)
}
```

OpenClose is an interface for the methods required by FilterTag. Both Tag and
AttributeTag implement this interface

#### type OpenTag

```go
type OpenTag struct {
	Name string
	Attr *string
}
```

OpenTag is a token containing the name of the tag and a possible attribute.

#### type Processor

```go
type Processor struct {
}
```

Processor contains methods necessary for creating custom Handler's

#### func (*Processor) Get

```go
func (p *Processor) Get() interface{}
```
Get returns the next token. It will be either a Text, OpenTag or a CloseTag

#### func (*Processor) GetContents

```go
func (p *Processor) GetContents(untilTag string) string
```
GetContents grabs the raw contents of a tag and returns it as a string

#### func (*Processor) Print

```go
func (p *Processor) Print(t interface{})
```
Print writes the textual representation of the given token to the output, using
the text Handler

#### func (*Processor) Process

```go
func (p *Processor) Process(untilTag string) bool
```
Process will continue processing the bbCode until it gets to an end tag which
matches the tag name given, or until it reaches the end of the input. It returns
true if the end tag was found, or false otherwise. The untilTag must always be
lowercase.

#### func (*Processor) ProcessTag

```go
func (p *Processor) ProcessTag(t OpenTag)
```
ProcessTag will process the given tag as normal

#### func (*Processor) Write

```go
func (p *Processor) Write(b []byte) (int, error)
```
Write writes to the underlying writer. The error is stored and does not need to
be handled

#### type Tag

```go
type Tag struct {
}
```

Tag is a simple Handler that just outputs open and closing tags

#### func  NewTag

```go
func NewTag(name string, open, close []byte) *Tag
```
NewTag creates a simple Handler that outputs an open and close tag. For example,
the following would be used to create a tag for handling bold:

    NewTag("b", []byte("<b>"), []("</b>"))

#### func (*Tag) Close

```go
func (t *Tag) Close(p *Processor, attr string)
```
Close outputs the closing of the tag

#### func (*Tag) Handle

```go
func (t *Tag) Handle(p *Processor, attr string)
```
Handle processes the tag

#### func (*Tag) Name

```go
func (t *Tag) Name() string
```
Name returns the name of the tag

#### func (*Tag) Open

```go
func (t *Tag) Open(p *Processor, attr string)
```
Open outputs the opening of the tag

#### type Text

```go
type Text []string
```

Text is a token containing simple textual data
